>> Scott Moss: So the exercise you're
gonna be doing is basically what we just
did, but without having to write express.
You won't have to write any express.
So if you don't know express or
know, don't worry about
it [INAUDIBLE] any of it.
But if you look inside the app folder,
there's gonna be two files.
There's gonna be a todo.js, very similar
to the node.js that I just made.
And then it's gonna be an index file
that's already got a express server
built out.
The only thing that's missing
are these three controllers.
These three controllers just
expect to do three things.
The get request to slash
to do slash parameter ID is
expecting to find a to do by the ID,
and the ID is gonna be here.
So given this ID I want to go
to find us to do by this ID.
So it's just a basic find my ID
core that you've done before, and
they need to respond using
the response object.
You can look at the code that
I did to see how to respond.
This next one is going
to be getting all todos.
So this one expects to just give
me all the todos and respond.
And then this last one is
expecting to create a todo so,
here's a to do that it
expects you to create.
It wants you to create it and
send it back.
So exactly what I just
showed you in my example.
And that's it, there are no
tests associated with this, so
you just get those to work.
And if you want to test them out you could
use your browser for the get requests.
You just literally just type in, when
you run the server you'll see a address
that you can go to that where
your server is located.
So you just copy this address,
localhost 4000,
paste that into your browser and
then just do the URL.
So I'm gonna go ahead and run this
to show you what I'm talking about.
Let me do a consolt log on this one.
So let me do a rest.sin, hello.
There we go.
So if I run this example which is going
to be node exercises/app/index.js.
If I run that,
I get an error because, yeah.
You also got to pass in the connection
string here, add mongo url here,
to connect to the database.
So I'll just go on ahead and
hard code one right quick.
>> Scott Moss: Local host,
course always 27017,
and I'm just gonna say yo.
Could be any database,
so we'll connect there.
>> Scott Moss: So, you can see,
it'll log this out Http://localhost:4000.
You can copy that.
You can go to your browser and
paste that in.
Then what I want to do is a /todo and
/:Id.
So just ID of what todo,we
don't have the todos yet and
I'm just sending something back, so
I'm just going to set that route.
So /todo and then slash whatever,
and you can see I get back hello.
This is exactly what I put here.
So your job is instead of
sending back hello and
hello world you're just gonna send back
the result of your database query.
That's it, so
you're only writing database queries here,
connect to your database here, and
then just respond and that's it.
Any questions on that exercise?
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: They could use postman
to construct the post request.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so for the post
request, there are a lot of options.
You can't really do it in a browser cuz
you can't do a post request in the URL.
So if you have postman, need to use
postman, which is literally built just for
this purpose.
I usually got CLI tool, but
recently I've been using
something called Insomnia,
which is very much like postman,
it's a desktop app that allows
you to construct http stuff.
So I can come in here, I could paste that
same thing in here and be like todo,
and then I could add,
>> Scott Moss: Not graph QL but
I wanna add some JSON,
>> Scott Moss: Or
JSON's kinda ridiculous to write.
So yeah, I'll just write JSON.
So I can add a JSON here, and
then obviously my server's going to
break cuz I don't have the solution up.
But if I had a todo here
with a name of like do
your work,
>> Scott Moss: Like that,
I could just send this request and
it would do a post request.
It's gonna hang for me, because like
I said I don't have the solution,
so you can see it's just
like breaking right now.
It's just killing it right now.
So yeah, you can use this as well,
but any HTTP client,
API client that you wanna use,
you can use it for a POST request.
You can also do the forget
request if you want, so
that's how you would test these things.
>> Speaker 2: Is it free?
>> Scott Moss: It is free.
There's a paid version for it.
It's just one guy who opened source
this and he's asking for donations,
really good work actually.
He does a lot of good work, actually.
He does a lot of good work.
But no,
this is free, I haven't paid anything for
it, but it's really nice.
You might get a little ad that pops up and
is it hey,
pay me, and it'll show his face for
the sympathy.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] So yeah, it's free.